Document campaign_event_cache_ttl configuration parameter (#710)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

* **Fetch Interactions From** - Select the time frame for fetching interaction data. This determines how far back to look for interactions.
* **Interaction Fetch Limit** - Set the maximum number of interactions of each type - for example: Page hits, Email reads, Form submits - to retrieve for timing optimization.

Advanced Campaign performance settings
======================================

> Mautic provides additional performance-related configuration parameters for Campaigns that you must configure by editing the ``config/local.php`` file directly. These settings help you balance UI responsiveness against database load on high-volume instances.

Author: Added documentation for `campaign_event_cache_ttl` parameter introduced in PR #16110. The PR adds this configurable parameter to `app/bundles/CampaignBundle/Config/config.php:360` with a default of 600 seconds, controlling cache TTL for Campaign event statistics displayed in `CampaignController.php`.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16110

* **Fetch Interactions From** - Select the time frame for fetching interaction data. This determines how far back to look for interactions.
* **Interaction Fetch Limit** - Set the maximum number of interactions of each type - for example: Page hits, Email reads, Form submits - to retrieve for timing optimization.

> Advanced Campaign performance settings
> ======================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

Advanced Campaign performance settings
======================================

.. vale on
```

Mautic provides additional performance-related configuration parameters for Campaigns that you must configure by editing the ``config/local.php`` file directly. These settings help you balance UI responsiveness against database load on high-volume instances.

> * **campaign_event_cache_ttl** - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign event statistics - such as execution counts shown in the Campaign builder - before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``600`` seconds (10 minutes). Lower values provide fresher statistics in the UI but increase database queries. Higher values reduce database load but delay when new executions appear in the UI. Set to ``0`` to turn off caching entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``campaign_event_cache_ttl`` - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign event statistics - such as execution counts shown in the Campaign builder - before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``600`` seconds, which is 10 minutes. Lower values provide fresher statistics in the UI but increase database queries. Higher values reduce database load but delay when new executions appear in the UI. Set to ``0`` to turn off caching entirely.
```

>   To configure this setting, add or modify the parameter in your ``config/local.php`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To configure this setting, you can add or modify the parameter in your ``config/local.php`` file:
```

  .. code-block:: php

      'campaign_event_cache_ttl' => 600, // seconds

  .. note::

>       This setting only takes effect if Doctrine result caching is enabled in your Mautic instance.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things:

- Tidy up the indentations
- Use active instead of passive voice. See "is enabled".

```suggestion
  .. code-block:: php

     'campaign_event_cache_ttl' => 600, // seconds

  .. note::

     This setting only takes effect if Doctrine result caching is enabled in your Mautic instance.
```

> * **campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl** - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign Contact counts before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``43200`` seconds (12 hours). Adjust this value if you need Campaign Contact counts to update more frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign Contact counts before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``43200`` seconds, which is 12 hours. Adjust this value if you need Campaign Contact counts to update more frequently.
```

  .. code-block:: php

>       'campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl' => 43200, // seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. code-block:: php

     'campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl' => 43200, // seconds
```

* **Fetch Interactions From** - Select the time frame for fetching interaction data. This determines how far back to look for interactions.
* **Interaction Fetch Limit** - Set the maximum number of interactions of each type - for example: Page hits, Email reads, Form submits - to retrieve for timing optimization.

.. vale off

Advanced Campaign performance settings
======================================

.. vale on

Mautic provides additional performance-related configuration parameters for Campaigns that you must configure by editing the ``config/local.php`` file directly. These settings help you balance UI responsiveness against database load on high-volume instances.

> * ``campaign_event_cache_ttl`` - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign event statistics - such as execution counts shown in the Campaign builder - before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``600`` seconds, which is 10 minutes. Lower values provide fresher statistics in the UI but increase database queries. Higher values reduce database load but delay when new executions appear in the UI. Set to ``0`` to turn off caching entirely.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss we can make a couple of sentences to be clearer here.

```suggestion
* ``campaign_event_cache_ttl`` - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign event statistics - such as execution counts shown in the Campaign builder - before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``600`` seconds, which is 10 minutes. Lower values provide fresher statistics in the UI but increase the number of database queries. Higher values reduce database load but delay the appearance of new executions in the UI. Set to ``0`` to turn off caching entirely.
```

  To configure this setting, you can add or modify the parameter in your ``config/local.php`` file:

  .. code-block:: php

     'campaign_event_cache_ttl' => 600, // seconds

  .. note::

>      This setting requires Doctrine result caching in your Mautic instance.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss, I feel like saying the setting "requires" Doctrine implies a hard dependency as if Mautic will break, throw an error, or fail to load if a user adds this line to their config without Doctrine caching turned on.

In reality, it's a conditional feature where the TTL value only takes effect if caching is active. If it's not active, the setting falls to default.

I think this would do:

```suggestion
     To use this setting, you must enable Doctrine result caching in your Mautic instance.
```

>      This setting only takes effect if Doctrine result caching is enabled in your Mautic instance.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice for "is enabled".

@promptless-for-oss please address the suggestions

> * ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` - Controls how long Mautic caches Campaign Contact counts before refreshing them from the database. The default is ``43200`` seconds, which is 12 hours. Adjust this value if you need Campaign Contact counts to update more frequently.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss non-blocker. I want to know how you came up with default of ``43200`` seconds?
